There must be good news for Mr. Lin
The official news from the capital has been received
The latest policy of the center will also be issued in 3 days
Everything is the same as what we discussed yesterday.
We still have 5 days left.
If only this news
I think Dalai will find you
There should be no need to make this call.
Mr. Lin is really a genius
The central government will announce the new policy in half an hour
Comprehensive rectification of the mobile payment industry
The government will also announce
Incorporate the land in the East District into the new city development plan
Well, the time card is just right.
Until the new policy is introduced
The value of the land in Dongshan will skyrocket a hundredfold
50 billion investment projects are not a problem at all
However, after this project is completed
The old woman over there to herself
Definitely more uneasy
At that time
It must be the marriage contract that my father made before his death
difficult
That would be even better.
It fits with the plan
Mr. Li whenever and wherever
I Nalan Longsong and Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
Will definitely be on your side
Thanks a lot.
Hello
family head
I'll arrange it right away
Where is less
The family chief has just notified that a family meeting will be held immediately
The family council is called today
It's for my son Lin Fan
Let me report to you on the progress of the project
Big team leader, something bad is going on
Strike collectively against all of us Chen Jianfeng